
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 12 hours.

You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 

YOU MAY NOT use:
Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

Honor violations will result in -100 points as well as being reported.







This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
Very late tests will not be graded.

























Quiz Q5, Spring 2021   (c) DL, UTA, 2021

  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.

 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
  
 5. Please do not wait until the end of the quiz to show us any part (entire question or part of a question), 
    we will only be able to look at (try out) one, single submission from anyone in the last 10 minutes 
    of the quiz, as time permits.

 6. Grades will be determined by demoing your application on a cloud service provider and a textual submission to Canvas.
    You will receive full points ONLY if your application works correctly, you demo it, and you submit on Canvas.
    All parts, on time.
    You will receive significantly fewer points, otherwise.

 7. For full credit, you may use Google cloud or Amazon AWS. 
    If you use a different public cloud provider you will receive significantly fewer maximum points.

Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 10. Please show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your student ID on the top and below that
     your name in large font at the top of every web page displayed (for this quiz.) 
     Please get the texts and import/upload to the cloud provider (this does not need to be done through a web interface.).
     On a web page, for each text show the name of the text file and the number of words in that text 
     (please do not remove any words, yet.)

 11. Please remove all punctuation and the stopwords on the supplied list from each text. 
     For each text, show the name of the text and the first three lines of text for each.

Remaining questions use text after modified from question 11.

 12. On a web page, allow a user to give a word and a document name and show the count of how many times that word
     occurs in that document, and then show the first 20 text lines with that contain that word.

 13. On a web page, allow a user to give two words and a value N then show the name of all texts that contain 
     that word pair (adjacent word pair), and the first N lines where they occur in each text/document.


 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10 through 13.

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of the quiz period and no more than 1 minute after that.

